Mr. Chen
If you buy all our villas
1.47 billion is needed.
30% down payment.
It would take 490 million.
A total of 3.70 million per month
3.70 million
So many things are a bit too much
If you are stressed, you can buy less.
It costs a little bit every month
No problem, sign the contract
Oh, dear.
I don't know if you two have time.
I'd like to treat you both to dinner
Show my heart
I appreciate your offer, but
Next time, Chen Feng.
How did you buy so many houses?
The real estate market in the future?
That was a blast.
Properties like Xinyi
Then the price must be rising
If you don't pick up cheap now, when will you pick up cheap?
Mr. Chen, thank you today
I would like to leave your mobile number, okay?
Sorry about that.
My Wife
I don't want to leave someone else's phone number.
Who's your wife?
Don't be angry, who is it?